https://sso.bloomu.edu:444/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania
https://idp.cpp.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP California State Polytechnic University, Pomona
https://idp.cf.ac.uk/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP Cardiff University
https://idp.clemson.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP Clemson University
https://ecp-prod.fnal.gov/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory
https://ecp-prod.fnal.gov/idp-krb/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory (Kerberos)
https://origin.internet2.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP Internet2
https://login.ligo.org/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP LIGO Scientific Collaboration
https://shib.lternet.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP LTER Network
https://idp.marshall.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP Marshall University
https://idp.ncsa.illinois.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP National Center for Supercomputing Applications
https://webauth.service.ohio-state.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP Ohio State University
https://as1.fim.psu.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP Penn State University
https://shibboleth-test.techservices.illinois.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP UIUC Test
https://shibboleth2.uchicago.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP University of Chicago
https://shibboleth.illinois.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
https://shibboleth.umich.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP University of Michigan
https://sso.unc.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
https://idp.utk.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP University of Tennessee
https://incommon2.sso.utah.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP University of Utah
https://idp.u.washington.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP University of Washington
https://login.wisc.edu/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP University of Wisconsin-Madison
https://idp.xsede.org/idp/profile/SAML2/SOAP/ECP XSEDE
